## Figure codes for DP trapping manuscript and supplemental

Working repository for codes to produce figures for manuscript on
diffusiophoretic (DP) trapping of colloids and macromolecules (eg DNA)
by injected salt solutions.

Some codes simply plot flow fields or drift fields, others analyse
Brownian dynamics simulation data generated by the sister project
implementing an adaptive time step Brownian dynamics (BD) code, at  
https://github.com/patrickbwarren/python3-adaptive-BD

Main text figures
* Fig 1: Schematic of pipette flow field and salt concentration.
* Fig 2: Pipette drift field and fixed points for two Q values.
* Fig 3: Pipette BD results and action integral.
* Fig 4: Sampson flow and drift field for wall pore case.
* Fig 5: BD data for wall pore case.

Supplemental Material figures
* Fig S1: Individual endpoints for trajectories, pipette problem.
* Fig S2: Pipette case, BD results varying cut off.
* Fig S3: Wall pore case, BD results varying number of max steps.
* Fig S4: Wall pore case, BD results varying cut off.
* Fig S5: Pipette case, full BD results and action integral.
* Fig S6: Wall pore case, full BD results and action integral.

To make the figures, do something like
```
make DEST_DIR=..
```
where the destination directory is where the figure files end up, here
in the next level up.  

All figures except Fig S1 are produced as PDF files.  Because of the
large number of data points, Fig S1 is produced as a PNG image at 300
dpi resolution by default.

### Contacts

Richard P. Sear  
email: r.sear{at}surrey.ac.uk  
https://richardsear.me/  
School of Mathematics and Physics, University of Surrey, Guildford, GU2 7XH, United Kingdom

Patrick B. Warren  
email: patrick.warren{at}stfc.ac.uk  
https://sites.google.com/site/patrickbwarren/  
STFC Hartree Centre, Sci-Tech Daresbury, Warrington, WA4 4AD, United Kingdom

